docfix: "+caliper" variant is now "+profiling" (#652)
LLNL/serac: src/docs/sphinx/quickstart.rst

* ``--spec=+debug`` (build the MFEM and Hypre libraries with debug symbols)
* ``--spec=+glvis`` (build the optional glvis visualization library)

> * ``--spec=+profiling`` (build the `Caliper performance profiling library <https://github.com/LLNL/Caliper>`_)

Reviewer: This also builds Adiak and would be long in the tooth at that point with both links... 
```suggestion
* ``--spec=+profiling`` (build the Adiak and Caliper libraries)
```

Author: Done in [8abf0289](https://github.com/LLNL/serac/pull/652/commits/8abf0289293cdb895311d516f2abb902fe13c6fa).
